Hi everybody and welcome this short lecture we're going to briefly discuss how to install piking on
both Windows and Mac OS X.
So I'm using a Mac.
So what you do is you go to pite and dot org WW dot dot org.
Here you are here and then you click downloads.
So as you can see on the downloads it's identified that I'm on a Mac and I can select an three point
five point two.
Now don't worry if that number is higher than what you see here because it may have moved on.
By the time you purchased this course once you click pite entry point five point two the download will
begin.
And you can then install it on your application.
And the same works for Windows.
You download it and then you install it on your application.
So once you have download it you can check if it's installed by doing the following.
Go to your term not so in Mac.
I got my launchpad and I type in terminal.
There it is there.
And I can type in my terminal piping tree.
There you go.
Now you can see my piping tray is installed and working.
And you can also use this now as a quick adsorbed empire.
And so one plus one to go a quick Spuyten and the it works the same on Windows.
When you're in your terminal and windows you type in Python and I think it might be HIF and v for version
so Pinetree hyphen VI but you might want to check that.
Now when you have downloaded in one of the things that it gives you is the IDL e.
Or as I call it the idle interactive development environment.
So let's just go into that so I can go to my launch pad and you can see Idol here is the same on Windows.
It will be installed as an application and you can click on it to run it or search for it and then run
it.
So here we have it here Idol and again this is an interactive development environment which means it
gives you instant feedback to one plus one to print built in function print let you know exactly what
it is.
It's a built in Python function so that's installed and running away.
Now you can use idle for a lot of programs rotis course and the way to build an even bigger program
is what idle say.
File new file and you get a working file here and you can begin to write your code save it and run it.
And the way you run it is you go file and run Mudgal.
But we explained that further on in the lecture.
Now in the lecture you'll see me jump and be true idle my code editor of choice which is subline And
here's my sublime interface here so you can see I've got actually two programs open from the Course
now troat.
Of course you'll see me jump from sublime into Idol and from Idol into subline.
And why is that.
Well sublime is a great text editor but what it doesn't do is it doesn't allow you to enter user input.
So a lot of our programs are going to ask the user to input such things as their name or address the
phone number whatever it might be.
You cannot do that in sublime but you can do it in I'd.
So I jump back and forth between sublime and idle.
But I do recommend subline because it's a very quick very easy install of an ID.
So that's my set up environment.
Thanks for listening and I'll see you in the next lecture.